唱片（Record）
您好，我有一张旧唱片想修一下，是我祖父留下的。他以前经常晚上放，说这段音乐对他很重要。现在唱片有划痕，放的时候老是卡顿、跳音。我平时不太听这类音乐，但还是想把它修好留着。如果可以的话，希望能正常播放就行，谢谢。
Hi, I’d like to repair an old record my grandfather left me. He used to play it at night and said the music meant a lot to him. Now it’s scratched and keeps skipping when I try to play it. I don’t usually listen to this kind of music, but I still want to keep it in good condition. If possible, I just hope it can play smoothly again. Thank you.

磁带（Cassette）
你好，这盘磁带是我和以前一个朋友一起录的。后来大家各忙各的，就没联系了。最近翻出来试了一下，发现磁带有点卡，声音也不对劲。想麻烦你帮忙看看还能不能修好。
Hello, I have a cassette tape I’d like to repair. A friend and I recorded it years ago. We lost touch over time, and I recently found the tape again. When I tried to play it, it got stuck and the sound was distorted. I’m wondering if it can be fixed so I can listen to it properly again. Thanks in advance.

喇叭（Speaker）
您好，这对喇叭用了很多年了，是我爸妈以前买的。小时候家里周末会放一些古典乐。现在其中一个喇叭没声音了，另外一个还勉强能用。我想修一下看看还能不能恢复成一对正常使用的状态。
Hi, I’d like to repair a pair of speakers that have been in my family for years. My parents bought them a long time ago, and we used to play some classical-style music on weekends. Now one speaker has no sound at all, while the other still works a bit. I’d like to see if they can be fixed and used together again as a proper pair. Thank you.

MP3播放器（MP3 Player）
您好，这个MP3播放器有点老了，是我学生时代一直在用的。里面存了不少我当时常听的音乐。现在已经开不了机了，也没法导出里面的内容。想问一下有没有办法修好或者把里面的文件取出来。
Hi, I have an old MP3 player from my student days that I’d like to fix. It has a lot of music I used to listen to back then stored on it. Now it won’t turn on, and I can’t access any of the files inside. I’d like to know if it’s possible to repair it or at least recover the music from it. I’d really appreciate your help.

收音机（Radio）
您好，这台收音机是家里的老物件了。我小时候经常和家人一起听，晚上会放一些比较安静的音乐。现在打开基本只有杂音，调台也不太正常。想请您帮忙检查一下，看有没有修好的可能。
Hello, I’d like to repair an old radio from my home. When I was younger, my family and I used to listen to it in the evenings, and it often played calm, quiet music. Now when I turn it on, it mostly produces static, and tuning doesn’t work properly anymore. I was hoping you could take a look and let me know if it can be repaired. Thank you for your time.

音响（Stereo System）
您好，这套音响是别人送我的礼物。以前我会用它来听音乐，但后来一直没怎么用，现在好像电源出了问题，开不了机了。我不确定还有没有必要修，但还是想先问问看能不能处理。
Hi, I have a stereo system that was given to me as a gift, and I’d like to check if it can be repaired. I used to play some music on it from time to time, but it hasn’t been used much recently. Now it doesn’t power on at all, so I think there might be an issue with it. I’m not sure if it’s worth fixing, but I’d like to ask first. Thanks.